welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to continue
catching up on recent releases with the
2020 film
the rental if you enjoy a cheeky bit of
voyeurism so long as it doesn't result
in a family annihilation you should
subscribe to the channel let's get to it
we open on a picturesque ocean shelf
overlooked by a palatial home
being viewed by a couple of young
professionals looking for a weekend
getaway they're hoping to treat
themselves after closing a big deal but
then
surprisingly considering their demeanor
toward one another mina's boyfriend josh
walks in
josh is actually charlie's brother and
we learn they're planning a celebratory
double date
then that evening we see charlie
discussing the trip with his wife
michelle and the conversation turns to
his ex-con little brother and how lucky
it was for such a violent burnout to
score someone as vibrant and talented as
meena next day they're on their way
in the car we learned that mina had
attempted to book the property but was
rejected and they wonder if it had
anything to do with her name but before
they can decide on this we've montaged
our way across the state and have
arrived at the property they start
scoping out some of the amenities and
meet the caretaker taylor
how'd you get mixed up with this family
uh and he has a certain air about him
that creeps everyone out josh amina
discussed this and agreed to let it go
for now
and then hook back up with the others at
the end of the tour where taylor
continues to skeeve them all out but
also promises to return later with a
telescope so they can take advantage of
the clear night sky
with it weighing on her mind mina
decides to come right out with it and
ask him point blank about his
decision-making process
regarding the booking applications he
declines to address this and walks out
the door
stopping for one last peek before
peeling out on his way up the driveway
to make sure they know he is an
absolute badass the gang then tries to
relax a bit and collectively bros out
about the sick charcuterie board they
have planned for later and then gets
psyched about taking a totally lit
beach walk but first they settle in as
michelle dusts off the duvet
charlie logs onto the wi-fi mina checks
the medicine curio and josh finally
unpacks his dog reggie whose presence
here is against house rules
we're left to wonder if this isn't
partially because of the generally
curious nature of doggos
who may be prone to sniff around under
the back patio where the homeowner has
stashed away a mysterious door with an
electric lock but they soon put that
behind them to enjoy the evening breeze
along the beach
here josh confides in michelle that he's
constantly worried mina will leave him
because he's not good enough for her
michelle reassures him that he's
certainly not but that the key is to
just give her some space to expend her
creative energies with her work partner
which is what she does with charlie
because the two of them are such a close
pair and their little company has so
many different industries to disrupt
when they get back the telescope is
there but
inside the house which mina finds
somewhat disturbing and she wonders to
the group if taylor intends to come and
go as he pleases whilst they occupy the
home
then over dinner they plan a [ __ ] and
nature hike to a waterfall the next day
but tonight the plan is to live like
there's no tomorrow as michelle reveals
a special treat she managed to score
some smack and despite this being her
stash michelle actually sits it out
she's feeling a bit too
tired but promises a rager the next day
so long as they don't go crazy then she
goes off to bed
now high on molly josh absolutely
destroys his older brother as he
confirms he's never felt more alive than
when wrestling with a throbbing erection
so outside charlie one-ups his little
bro
with his knowledge of the universe
causing him to run off in his absence
the will they want the energy of charlie
and mina is
off the hook of course once josh is
found passed out in the living room and
charlie fires up the hot tub
all bets are off after charlie provides
some compliments with
assertively simp-like energy and then
they have a brief argument over who gets
to experience the joy of the jets they
find themselves in close enough
proximity that they can't resist working
on a possible uti but then reggie runs
across the scene like he's scared of
something and it's enough of a
distraction to snap them out of it we
see that they're being watched
and thinking better of a tryst mina hits
the showers
charlie however pursues her now intent
on consummating their professional
relationship
since they did the deed in the shower
michelle doesn't notice the stink on
charlie the next morning it initially
seems the only consequence here is that
the two lovebirds are too hungover and
tired to take on a vigorous hike despite
her disappointment michelle agrees to an
intimate day walk with her
brother-in-law
this leaves the new lovers time to sulk
and ponder what they did
as they do so we see michelle and josh
out feeling the burn in their quads
and through normal conversation about
first meetings we learned michelle first
hooked up with charlie while under the
influence and when he was still
entangled with another woman
josh confirms that this sounds awfully
familiar to how charlie got involved
with his prior gal as well making it
seem like it's the only way he's capable
of starting and ending relationships and
michelle tries to shake this off as we
see they're being watched
back at the house we find mina engaged
in the process of cleansing their living
space as well as her own body when she
looks up and makes a simple observation
that should have been obvious to anyone
with eyeballs
charlie big brains a situation in which
they find themselves
realizing that if they make a big stink
of it it'll increase the odds that the
footage of their coupling will be
revealed to their paramours they decide
that the party who took the illegal
footage
likely can't do more than add it to his
personal spank bank either and then the
others arrive before they can finalize
any new lies to explain their way around
it which requires them to just let it go
charlie finds that michelle is returned
pissed at him and mina does her best to
keep josh out of the shower
complimenting his accurate musk in the
bedroom michelle confronts charlie about
his pattern of behavior but he's like
that was so long ago baby what's that
got to do with the here and now
then michelle emerges to find the tired
group watching the nature channel and
she's
pissed about the lack of drugging going
on not wanting to waste their special
weekend
she now goes in hard and solo on the
stash as she heads off on her rocket
ship the rest of them are puzzling and
making quesadillas
when josh drops a slice we all come to
the realization now that reggie's been
m.i.a for an unknown amount of time so
they all go off to search for the pooch
while michelle just grooves out and
reveals that she called taylor after the
house to help get the hot tub running
again
charlie mina tried to play it cool but
now josh has agreed
wondering if that turd nugget might have
done something to his dog as punishment
for breaking the rules the thought
process of an individual
untethered to reality but when he
arrives the mood shifts dramatically he
denies all wrongdoing adamantly and then
exposes a good amount of crack whilst
undergoing the hot tub reset which
paints him in a very different light
back out front he even confirms he's a
dog person
and agrees that he would keep their
transgression a secret from the
homeowner but all this goodwill is too
much to process at once and mean it
directly confronts him again
this time she marches him into the
bathroom to ask him about the camera
unfortunately now she's backed herself
into a corner as he not only denies it
but to keep things on the up and up
attempts to proactively call the police
to help get to the bottom of the
situation
in the ensuing struggle to try to
prevent this josh walks in and lifts the
beast off the leash
charlie manages to break them up and
then they have a pow-wow about what just
happened outside
mina comes clean about all but the
adultery and then she apologizes about
getting her a big strong man all worked
up as we see they're being observed
then back in the bathroom strangers
entered the house and escalated the
stakes a bit so when they decide to
check on taylor and go ahead and report
this whole thing to the police
they find themselves staring coldly into
the stark realization that josh
beat a man to death in the aftermath of
this michelle is the only person who's
still
on board with calling the police with
her being majority outvoted they begin
the machinations of figuring out how to
clean this up and make it look like an
accident they realize the key piece here
is the video evidence and recognize that
since it's wireless the receiver is
likely somewhere in the house
michelle storms off to the bedroom while
the rest of them get to work taking
every other step imaginable other than
first finding the video thereby
exponentially increasing any potential
future criminal charges
charlie takes a break to try to help
michelle come to terms with what's going
on but she explains that no matter what
happens at this point she's complicit
already
and he's like come on baby don't be like
that then the trio takes the body to the
cliff to try to dump him over but don't
take quite a big enough dump as he ends
up on a rocky cliff below
just short of the water the boys try to
use large rocks to knock them off but it
does not go well so josh rolls up his
sleeves to climb down and take care of
this business on his own
they try to prevent it but he insists on
taking at least this level of
responsibility for what he dragged them
into he slides on down there and makes a
quick offer to meet up with taylor in
hell
and then pushes him over inside the
house michelle is distracted from her
woe by the sound of running water which
she wanders off to explore
after checking the bathrooms and then
ascending a spiral staircase
she finds the water sounds to be coming
from the upstairs tv here she is
confronted with
confirmation of her worst fears back
outside the gang returns to the house to
focus on finding the footage as a figure
bears down on them but then michelle
pulls out
setting them to running at which point
she reveals she saw that charlie did not
pull out that is he apologizes for his
transgression but
really would like to know where she
acquired that footage so she drives off
disgusted and charlie tells the others
she was just spooked by everything's
taking a little break
as she drives up the road she pops a
tire at an inopportune time for her
mental health after getting the vehicle
stopped she goes back to check what done
it and finds it was a result of an
intentional act then as she tries to
text back to charlie somebody runs up on
her but it's all good because charlie
gets the message and tells the others to
continue as he goes to get her when he
arrives charlie finds the vehicle empty
so he calls her phone which then lights
up in the distance
as he goes to her he confusingly
stumbles over her corpse and before he
can figure this out he takes a crowbar
to the back of the neck
back at the house hacker josh finally
cracks the code but instead of finding a
futuristic control room they just find a
bunch of old junk in boxes
mina goes to look elsewhere and then
josh gets a text from charlie with a
cryptic audio file of a conversation
between him and mina as he questions
mina about this the shower video then
enters the chat josh is now
livid so when a door closes somewhere in
the house he goes tearing through it
looking for his bro like a wild beast
he eventually gets to a closet door
which upon opening results in him
getting wanged in the face by a hammer
two times the stalker then goes to find
mina discovering evidence that she
bailed out over the railing but after he
leaves we see this was a trick
and we are provided the opportunity to
delight in our voyeuristic tendencies
as she goes to retrieve her personal
safety device as soon as she leaves she
gets the chance to deposit it into his
face
he then pursues her through the woods
until she disappears in the fog
having reached the shoreline first so he
goes home sad and starts the long
process of cleaning up the house
diligently removing all traces of the
camera equipment he then takes a quiet
moment to soak up all the fun times and
memories he's made
and gives a quick goodbye to reggie
after that we see him touring a new
rental which he sets up in a familiar
manner and
as the credits roll we watch and wait as
he watches and waits for the perfect
victims over time
making it abundantly clear you boys got
no job
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel for your donations
or merch
and i'd like to take a moment to give
huge thanks to my donors memorialized in
the hall of head shots
[Music]
this was a good attempt dave franco a
valiant effort the rental was a
well-shot film populated with likable
actors who delivered their parts well
ultimately there was just something
missing from it that would propel it to
next level status there was plenty of
time spent
setting up and developing atmosphere but
there weren't any real stakes set early
and minimal payoff in the end as a
result i don't think the idea of an
unfeeling serial killer with
unknown motivations had quite the impact
franco might have been hoping for
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching